Original Key: treasurer
Ciphertext: pyirwpvv r iiscwmj sw ezje uidqlgzgalyj ee xrkejhvwj mf lie qys cbmis an, klvkv xhw fzjv uvgoeyj kvglmnwfp wzzemfawrrk. lfqelcdij myi esavvexjw ik gfvv demt mj nmka kle eiksi ttxinckmvl, jsmwnzqvl nmtz nyi gxigehnzsel, jsmwnzqvl nmtz nyi zfrkifukmfg, jsmwnzqvl nmtz lvjcxtxiny klfnxlt. tok, ayxiivwl zx zl wsufx, klvkv ms lbv dvlk, xhw nzrxev, xhw yogzmvqefn fj ixrpils; rru myirw cj mdifvtshti zg kle ghcc ixrp afx gsjbkmvw mvrjx zr wzctl zfgsrluegv xmir shpayxii csh si. z kvqeevvv jmrrdahx se t jxrwyk gfkeir ockl kav flswb trbexej vvelyfvd vyceexp hooh zr kav zidfrkv prmtahx jfk kle dcxlk mf ghshxi, rgu le hizrkxu hooh rru lrmd, difo. z efskwx rru tcp i kun arl kle oukii. teh hw mrmu, efsk sarme, pymcz c umu, teh i kun sze fr tzy nekxi env nyi tbkc rwzcitmvh if nyi gnuhlw. ck arl r krwuk vvovpalcfr kh di. i uuex vqgpaah zx. yx keuybk qv afa tg mvi, rgu loo nf xinjx wzuk m jtn. taahkiil yevw iwxvg keuybk aibkirk bfa kh jie. shu sevv compv lrw klal yotvkzinuy, psl lvi dazwiixexlq.

Cracked Key: treasurer
Cracked Text: wherever a process of life communicates an eagerness to him who lives it, there the life becomes genuinely significant. sometimes the eagerness is more knit up with the motor activities, sometimes with the perceptions, sometimes with the imagination, sometimes with reflective thought. but, wherever it is found, there is the zest, the tingle, the excitement of reality; and there is importance in the only real and positive sense in which importance ever anywhere can be. i remember standing on a street corner with the black painter beauford delaney down in the village waiting for the light to change, and he pointed down and said, look. i looked and all i saw was the water. and he said, look again, which i did, and i saw oil on the water and the city reflected in the puddle. it was a great revelation to me. i cant explain it. he taught me how to see, and how to trust what i saw. painters have often taught writers how to see. and once youve had that experience, you see differently.

Cracking Time: 0.011656045913696289ms