Original Key: poetry
Ciphertext: lvikvttf e iimrswl fd awjx tmbaygzaphil rl tokxiltgw mf fxa aaf jxjil zr, ivikv rws pbwc qsghdch uiglgcspr jgvbmyzapbx. lfkthmfvq ivi xretfrxjq xg qhic zbmm ln lwxa kft asmfp pqxbmgiwil, jmbsxbdch kmmy rws txiatdxbflh, gsfvrxail ngiv xav gbokbeyiwsg, jmbsxbdch kmmy pttpxtrxji mymjulm. ssi, klxicksv bk gh tsneb, ivikv gh hlx qchh, xav rxbkev, rws iqtgisqxer dt vxrjxhc; teb ivikv gh wqifpiorvv gc hlx flam vxrj pbh ifqxhmov qtbwx zl lvmvy gbdskkycqi xmcg orrnftfi vrl qs. m kvktafxi qiorwzlv cr t jrgsim tmgbik ngiv xav zaogd gyxbxxi ztoyyfps rierltm hhnl xb xav txzptxc lommzlv tsk kft zmzyr ic garlvs, egu ft dsbertr hhnl pbh lrgs, zshb. g acsdvb pbh tcj x gep nyh hlx nyisv. teb ws wtzb, acsd repwr, pygrv m wzb, pbh b jyl cme fl ivi prrtf egu rws gbkw gsjevaish be rws tnubas. mm nyh o kkvyi fiovjphmhe rd ai. b tych iqgjpwr bk. ft henxfi ai afu ic wxv, ycr lhn rd hvnjr lvem z qpk. ttzlisvl yyks sykcc henxfi kvbkcgg lhn rd gix. rls crvv wdizx yys hltk cmdikzccqi, rfs hsi wzdusvxeram.

Cracked Key: poetry
Cracked Text: wherever a process of life communicates an eagerness to him who lives it, there the life becomes genuinely significant. sometimes the eagerness is more knit up with the motor activities, sometimes with the perceptions, sometimes with the imagination, sometimes with reflective thought. but, wherever it is found, there is the zest, the tingle, the excitement of reality; and there is importance in the only real and positive sense in which importance ever anywhere can be. i remember standing on a street corner with the black painter beauford delaney down in the village waiting for the light to change, and he pointed down and said, look. i looked and all i saw was the water. and he said, look again, which i did, and i saw oil on the water and the city reflected in the puddle. it was a great revelation to me. i cant explain it. he taught me how to see, and how to trust what i saw. painters have often taught writers how to see. and once youve had that experience, you see differently.

Cracking Time: 0.012201309204101562ms