Original Key: physical
Ciphertext: locjmxec p wpgkgsd dm jang czbtsfqeaetz yf mcgpgucka vo sxt uzw nigtz gl, bject afw tkfp qlagugs rtusavglj hpefqhinpur. kwoeextck bje ppncjvgsd xz kgzg kyxa sh ekts ioc ewvoc pjradktttz, qgugttblq oqvh ewl nwzeeaipmfa, uoxtagemu wtio rzm kmlvplsbkoy, hvkwbkmph dglp teqalalqxe ewvsypv. bfi, dfwzgvpg pr aa hofck, rzmte th afw hgse, ioc lqpgwt, afw mzctilkwvv oq glydqvy; lck rzmte th pkhwttlcjc av vhp dujq zgaw pub hwuiexcc kmpsp xu uzqeh tbwmjbcnnt ltwz cnjlocjm eay ql. g jmoexqlp kbcnoxue gv c seglcl kqryty uabj tst ijskm plxurwz deljmmjl fewpucq lqwy xu rzm xiwahew eciexue xwt tst sgypv tz royfog, ays oc hwknetk bgep ays zyal, nozz. p jgwmeo pub stn i dpd usa vhp lhrwz. cno wl qsqf, lzdr yyikn, hwpaz q fio, pub a acw zxs mf bje hpacj ipd ewl aaba rpuscubgd tc afw xwdoal. gl ecs l vycsb tegtsylqqn ed tc. a kcne tendikn ti. oc liwgsi tc zwy tz hlc, svf hzl am lzwse loyl q uah. ehgfbgrd whtw whtpc aymojt hgprwzu hzl am kmg. ays vlum aofkl fsl vhli lvhmtipcjc, qww spt kgxngrpcajq.

Cracked Key: physical
Cracked Text: wherever a process of life communicates an eagerness to him who lives it, there the life becomes genuinely significant. sometimes the eagerness is more knit up with the motor activities, sometimes with the perceptions, sometimes with the imagination, sometimes with reflective thought. but, wherever it is found, there is the zest, the tingle, the excitement of reality; and there is importance in the only real and positive sense in which importance ever anywhere can be. i remember standing on a street corner with the black painter beauford delaney down in the village waiting for the light to change, and he pointed down and said, look. i looked and all i saw was the water. and he said, look again, which i did, and i saw oil on the water and the city reflected in the puddle. it was a great revelation to me. i cant explain it. he taught me how to see, and how to trust what i saw. painters have often taught writers how to see. and once youve had that experience, you see differently.

Cracking Time: 0.010936498641967773ms