Original Key: base
Ciphertext: xhwvfvwv b pjsdekw pf dmge usnmmrjcsxfs sr fayisnwwt tg ljm olp lazfs ax, uhwvf tzi mixi ceusnek kfnmmoedc tiyrjfagbnl. wpmwxjmww uhw ibgwvoekw js esse crjt mt xill uhw qptgv bclmwilmfs, ksnelmnek ajtz xie hiscwtuigrt, sgqftaqfs omuh llf ieehifeuigr, toeiuieit waxi rwjmeuxjvw xiomkit. tyu, wzisenis il mt fgyod, llfrw mt tzi aekx, uhw xjnypf, tzi fxumueeiot gj sespjtq; eod llfrw mt ietprleocw mo tzi pndc sesp bnv tpsaxjvw wfnki jn oljcz mnpgvuafgf enis afcxhwvf csr ce. a vfmwqcej wuafhjny so a kxsewx dojrfr omuh llf bdedk hejnlis bwevfgve dwpbnwc eoor jn llf vapmayi xaaxjny jpr llf lakit ls dhsrhe, sre hw tpifxfd vsxn sre ssme, lgsl. i dspkwh bnv eml a wbw oet tzi xalis. afh ie kejd, dspk skbif, aiiul j dah, bnv m tao sjl gr uhw abtwv bnv xie umuy jiglwguev mo tzi quvhme. ax xak e hrweu rwzflsxjof xp mw. m dafx fxhpbif mu. hw xbuylu mw lpw ls tew, eod zsx tg xsukx xhsx j ssa. qaaruejw iani pflio tsyhhl asiliss zsx tg wfe. sre ofgf ygywe zee tzeu eptfraiocw, cpu kif dajgejiotdc.

Cracked Key: base
Cracked Text: wherever a process of life communicates an eagerness to him who lives it, there the life becomes genuinely significant. sometimes the eagerness is more knit up with the motor activities, sometimes with the perceptions, sometimes with the imagination, sometimes with reflective thought. but, wherever it is found, there is the zest, the tingle, the excitement of reality; and there is importance in the only real and positive sense in which importance ever anywhere can be. i remember standing on a street corner with the black painter beauford delaney down in the village waiting for the light to change, and he pointed down and said, look. i looked and all i saw was the water. and he said, look again, which i did, and i saw oil on the water and the city reflected in the puddle. it was a great revelation to me. i cant explain it. he taught me how to see, and how to trust what i saw. painters have often taught writers how to see. and once youve had that experience, you see differently.

Cracking Time: 0.014505147933959961ms