Original Key: use
Ciphertext: qzilwzyj e jjswwwm gj fajy usgeyhagulim sr yskyjrykw ng lce abg pcnim ax, nzilw xbw pcxi vwgieim yihmmhwps kmafmzagufx. mgqylmgww nzi yskyjrykw ck qiji efmn mt qaxb lly esngv uuxcnmnaim, ksgwxceim omnz xbw tyjgyhxcgrm, ksgwxceim omnz xbw mgskcfenash, ksgwxceim omnz vyxpyuxcni nzsoyln. tyn, olyjipwv cl mm xsofh, nzilw mm lly riml, xbw xcfkfw, xbw irumnwqyfx ix vyspclc; ufh nzilw mm aqjgvnsrww mh lly grfq vysp ufh jgwclmpw wyfwy ar qzmwz mghsllehui ynil srsolyji wsr vw. m lwqyefyj wnsrxara gr u kxlwin uslfil omnz xbw ffsge hecfxyj fysyzgvx vifsryq hior cf xbw zcdpuyi qsmnara xsl lly dmazx ng gbsraw, ehv ly hscfxyv hior ufh msmx, dsic. m fgsewh ufh udp c keq oem lly oenwv. ufh bw wuah, fgse skuar, qzmwz m xah, ufh c keq gmf gr nzi qsxyj ehv xbw gclc lwjfwgnwh cf xbw tovhfw. mn oem s klwen jipwpulmif xi ei. c uehl irhpuar cl. ly leoyln ei bga ng wyw, ehv lio xi lvokx qzen a wuo. tuarnwvm zepw szlih leoyln ovclilk lio xi kiy. srx grww cimzy zex llul irhilaihui, sgy mwi xajzwvyfxfq.

Cracked Key: use
Cracked Text: wherever a process of life communicates an eagerness to him who lives it, there the life becomes genuinely significant. sometimes the eagerness is more knit up with the motor activities, sometimes with the perceptions, sometimes with the imagination, sometimes with reflective thought. but, wherever it is found, there is the zest, the tingle, the excitement of reality; and there is importance in the only real and positive sense in which importance ever anywhere can be. i remember standing on a street corner with the black painter beauford delaney down in the village waiting for the light to change, and he pointed down and said, look. i looked and all i saw was the water. and he said, look again, which i did, and i saw oil on the water and the city reflected in the puddle. it was a great revelation to me. i cant explain it. he taught me how to see, and how to trust what i saw. painters have often taught writers how to see. and once youve had that experience, you see differently.

Cracking Time: 0.009649038314819336ms